Use a easy method to help folks (#12)
Readme-Workflows/Readme-Icons: README.md

We keep all our icons/images in a `icon` directory, where they are further split up into categories.

The easiest way to use the icons is to use JSDelivr for it.  

> Simply visit https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/Readme-Workflows/Readme-Icons@main/icons/ open the respective folder and click on the filename, copy your current URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Simply visit https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/Readme-Workflows/Readme-Icons@main/icons/ open the respective folder, click on the name of the Icon you want to use and copy your current URL from your browser.
```
